So​rry... Sorry...
Sorry... ​Sorry...
Even that ​single word is not on my mind...
Di​sappear! Disappear!
Just quickly ​go away right now!
It was ​always only my privilege!
Because​ you didn't doubt it...
Being low as dirt
taking what's
what's important from me,
Yet
Yet crawling
Yet crawling on the
Yet crawling on the dirt
being able
being able to only
being able to only look up,
Because you
will ​never reach
the ​beauty of these
wings of mine...
I'm not
I'm not afraid of
I'm not afraid of anything!
Nothing scares me, but still...
It hurts!
It's all in my ​imagination...
It's just my ​imagination...
It's my ​imagination...
Turning mute,
not ever crossing eyesight,
Because of noticing this,
getting drunk by the dull you,
Taking the distance, trying to act like a
spoiled child instead,
Without telling at all,
I don't want to be hated you know!
Strongly!
Violently!
Anticipating
The more I think the wilder I become!
I know its all his fault!
Being low as dirt
taking what's
what's important from me,
Because
Because you
Because you can't do
Because you can't do anything
but appreciate
but appreciate the time-limited
but appreciate the time-limited life of yours!
Because the ​eternity
​of these wings
still won't come
to an ​end...
I'm not
I'm not afraid of
I'm not afraid of anything!
Nothing scares me, but still...
It hurts!
It's all in my ​imagination...
It's just my ​imagination...
It's my ​imagination...
Strongly!
Sweetly!
Anticipating
The more I laugh the irritated I become!
I know its all his fault!
​Sorry... Sorry...
Even that ​single word is not on my mind...
Di​sappear! Disappear!
Just quickly ​go away right now!
It was ​always only my privilege!
Because​ you didn't doubt it...
​Being low as dirt
​taking what's
​important from me
​Crawling
​Crawling on the dirt
​Crawling on the dirt, so filthy,
​not
​not looking
​not looking pretty at all!
Look,
Look, at
Look, at ​me,
these
these ​wings that
you praised,
​They're
They're ​beautiful,
They're ​beautiful, aren't they?
​Choosing to be
​ as low as dirt
​kicking me out?!
​It's all
​It's all your fault
​It's all your fault for sure!
​It should
​It should be a mistake,
​It should be a mistake, these wings!
Falling
Falling​ that
Falling​ that fast,
That even
That even ​"sorry"
​,doesn't
​,doesn't reach you...
​I really love you!
​The "you" of mine,
​REGRETS
EXCEPT FOR ​REGRETS,
​THE
THE ​CONCLUSION WHERE
THE ​CONCLUSION WHERE NOTHING IS LEFT,
I'M GOING
​TO TAKE
RESPONSIBILITY​ AS A
​TRAITOR AREN'T I?!